README.md, before:

# Information:
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
.bashrc is starting to look pretty cool. :)

the new terminal diggs:
![the_new_terminal_setup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11463275/45247956-9058be00-b2c0-11e8-9673-4a300edb0c26.png)

## Future Automated Implementation:
run script (or app 🤔 )... prompt pops up:
<br>`please enter positive emoji: , please enter negative emoji:`
<br>thanks, all set up and ready to go! Enjoy, and feel free to come back anytime. 😍

(note) on a mac you can find emoji's with `ctrl cmd space`. 👍
<br>(note) any operating system, find emoji's with: http://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/

## What people are saying about the application: 
![screen shot 2017-09-16 at 9 03 31 pm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11463275/30517114-a3ac39d4-9b22-11e7-9b35-8ff241fff8bc.png)

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center"><a href="https://twitter.com/m_dimmitt"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/11463275?v=4" width="100px;" alt="michaeldimmitt"/><br /><sub><b>michaeldimmitt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=michaeldimmitt" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=michaeldimmitt" title="Documentation">📖</a>
</td>
<td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/murjax"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/14116496?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Ryan Murphy"/><br /><sub><b>Ryan Murphy</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=murjax" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#question-murjax" title="Answering Questions">💬</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

cross-link to bash setup instructions.

README.md, after:

## Setup:
mac os now defaults to using zsh<br/>
This ps1 modification currently requires changing terminal to bashrc<br/>
refer to my setup repo for instructions for details: https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/bash-profile

# Information:
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
.bashrc is starting to look pretty cool. :)

the new terminal diggs:
![the_new_terminal_setup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11463275/45247956-9058be00-b2c0-11e8-9673-4a300edb0c26.png)

## Future Automated Implementation:
run script (or app 🤔 )... prompt pops up:
<br>`please enter positive emoji: , please enter negative emoji:`
<br>thanks, all set up and ready to go! Enjoy, and feel free to come back anytime. 😍

(note) on a mac you can find emoji's with `ctrl cmd space`. 👍
<br>(note) any operating system, find emoji's with: http://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/

## What people are saying about the application: 
![screen shot 2017-09-16 at 9 03 31 pm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11463275/30517114-a3ac39d4-9b22-11e7-9b35-8ff241fff8bc.png)

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center"><a href="https://twitter.com/m_dimmitt"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/11463275?v=4" width="100px;" alt="michaeldimmitt"/><br /><sub><b>michaeldimmitt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=michaeldimmitt" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=michaeldimmitt" title="Documentation">📖</a>
</td>
<td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/murjax"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/14116496?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Ryan Murphy"/><br /><sub><b>Ryan Murphy</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/MichaelDimmitt/emoji-terminal/commits?author=murjax" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#question-murjax" title="Answering Questions">💬</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
